Update raspi-config (#3945)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/configuration/raspi-config.adoc

[[raspi-config]]
== `raspi-config`

> `raspi-config` helps you configure your Raspberry Pi. Changes to `raspi-config` will affect xref:config_txt.adoc#what-is-config-txt[`/boot/firmware/config.txt`] and various Linux configuration files.

Reviewer: Could change "various Linux configuration files" to "various other configuration files" ? :shrug:

Reviewer 2: Maybe even simpler will do?

```suggestion
`raspi-config` helps you configure your Raspberry Pi. Changes to `raspi-config` will affect xref:config_txt.adoc#what-is-config-txt[`/boot/firmware/config.txt`] and other configuration files.
```

Reviewer: I guess you _could_ even change "affect" to "modify" ? :shrug:

=== Getting started

To open the configuration tool from the desktop GUI, go to **Preferences** > **Raspberry Pi Configuration**.

> Alternatively, to access the configuration tool via the terminal:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is "correct" as it implies that the GUI version and the terminal version are equivalent, when they're not. The GUI version is much easier to use, but as the now-deleted TIP used to say, there are several advanced options which are available in the CLI tool which aren't available in the GUI tool.
IMHO :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer 2: After the code snippet, I would add something like this reduced-size tip admonition:

```
TIP: Some advanced configuration, including <common example>, is only available in `raspi-config`.
```

Use your best judgment to determine if there's a decent example worth tossing in there. Personally I think the statement feels a little empty and meaningless without an example -- _what_ kind of 'advanced' config?!?! -- so I lean towards including it if we can come up with one that's short and sweet.

> Alternatively, to access the configuration tool via the terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, run the following command to access the configuration tool via the terminal:
```
Suggestion: Introducing command line snippets. This also helps contrast example output, bash that users should write into a file, and interactive snippets.

[source,console]
----
$ sudo raspi-config

> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
TIP: Some advanced configuration is available in the `raspi-config` CLI, but not the Raspberry Pi Configuration GUI.
```

To navigate the configuration tool from the terminal:

> * Use the arrow keys to scroll through the settings list.

Reviewer: "Use the Up and Down arrow keys..." ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use the up and down arrow keys to scroll through the settings list.
```

Enable and disable various physical and virtual interfaces.

[[ssh]]
==== SSH

Enable or disable remote terminal access to your Raspberry Pi using SSH.

> SSH allows you to remotely access the command line of the Raspberry Pi from another computer. SSH is disabled by default. If connecting your Raspberry Pi directly to a public network, set up secure passwords for all users before enabling SSH. Learn more about using SSH on the xref:remote-access.adoc#ssh[SSH documentation page].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSH allows you to remotely access the command line of the Raspberry Pi from another computer. SSH is disabled by default. If connecting your Raspberry Pi directly to a public network, set up passwords for all users before enabling SSH. Learn more about using SSH on the xref:remote-access.adoc#ssh[SSH documentation page].
```

While users absolutely should use a secure password, I think it goes without saying. Let's trim it here.

Reviewer: ping @tdewey-rpi for his thoughts here, just to be on the safe side. I guess at the very least we ought to link to https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/configuration.html#secure-your-raspberry-pi ?

Reviewer 3: You summoned me, @lurch?

I agree with both of you.

1. I don't think we need to say 'secure password' - what does that even mean, and how can you be sure something that is 'secure' today is considered 'secure' tomorrow, etc.
2. We can, however, provide a link to the securing page - and then change this to a later security centre.

Reviewer: :wave: 

I've just re-read Nate's actual suggested wording - "If connecting your Raspberry Pi directly to a public network, set up passwords for all users before enabling SSH." - AFAIK it's not possible to have a user on Raspberry Pi OS _without_ a password... :thinking:

Reviewer 2: In that case, we can probably just remove the sentence entirely!

I think I have managed to create a user without a password before. But it may have been an older version of the OS.

==== Fan

> Customise the behaviour of the GPIO-connected https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-4-case-fan/[Raspberry Pi 4 Case Fan]. This setting is inapplicable to other fan models.

Reviewer: It's only a "gut feeling", but I think "not applicable" feels more natural than "inapplicable" ? :shrug:

Reviewer 2: While I generally agree that we should reduce the amount of negated terms in the doc, we can make an exception when the negated version reduces the wordiness:

```suggestion
Customise the behaviour of the GPIO-connected https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-4-case-fan/[Raspberry Pi 4 Case Fan]. Not applicable to other fan models.
```

[[change-timezone]]
==== Time zone

Set your local time zone in the format `Region/City`, for example 'Europe/London'. Type a letter to jump to that letter in the list.

[[change-keyboard-layout]]
==== Keyboard

Open a menu where you can select your keyboard layout. Changes usually take effect immediately, but may require a reboot. Type a letter to jump to that letter in the list.

==== WLAN country

Set the country code for your wireless network.

[[advanced-options]]
=== Advanced options

> Advanced options are intended for use during troubleshooting. Available options may differ between Raspberry Pi models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

==== Boot order

> On Raspberry Pi 4 and later, specify whether to boot from USB or network in absence of an SD card. For more information, see xref:raspberry-pi.adoc#raspberry-pi-bootloader-configuration[bootloader configuration].

Reviewer: Or SSD, on a Pi 5 with an M.2 HAT?

Reviewer: I dunno if that's the right wording, as USB is also a "valid boot media" :thinking:

[[finish]]
=== Finish

> Exit `raspi-config`. If necessary, raspi-config will ask you to reboot when you exit. When implementing changes for the first time, reboot to ensure your changes take effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Exit `raspi-config`. If necessary, `raspi-config` will ask you to reboot when you exit. When implementing changes for the first time, reboot to ensure your changes take effect.
```
Suggestion: consistently refer to raspi-config in monospace text, since it's both a program and a command.

----

[[boot-options-nonint]]
==== Boot/Auto login

> Boot to console or desktop with the option of an automatic login to your current user account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the following behaviour at boot time:

* whether to boot to console or desktop
* whether your Raspberry Pi automatically logs into your current user account when powered on
```

Suggestion: I think your streamlining makes it less clear that automatic login is a separate option here, and introduces some ambiguity about whether you can use automatic login if you boot to console. I think an unordered list would help?

Maybe someday we can get the engineers to split this up into two separate options :-)

[[change-timezone-nonint]]
==== Time zone

> Set your local time zone in the format `Region/City`, for example 'Europe/London'. Type a letter to jump to that letter in the list.

Reviewer: Huh? This is the documentation for the **non-interactive** usage of `raspi-config`, so I don't think you'll be able to "Type a letter to jump to that letter in the list." :wink:

Reviewer 2: Thanks, retconned that sentence.

[[advanced-options-nonint]]
=== Advanced options

> Advanced options are intended for use during troubleshooting. Available options may differ between Raspberry Pi models.

Reviewer 2: Suggestions:

* remove "may" from "may differ" -- since we make the software, I think it's safe to say that options _DO_ differ between models!
* the new introductory sentence sounds a bit clunky and isn't quite right; there are a lot of advanced options users might use for purposes other than troubleshooting. unfortunately i don't have a better suggestion, but I'm open to ideas. Even if those ideas are 'remove this entire paragraph' :-)

If we borrowed that introductory sentence from elsewhere in the docs, I think we should consider rewriting it in its original home as well. Unless it's more true in that setting?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
